Hi.
This is a message for Elle Woods.
You're a finalist
in the L.A. internship program.
Yeah. this is huge!
Previously on Elle...
So. all I have to do is make
a groundbreaking video.
I'll give Seattle
the best homecoming of all time.
and I'll document the whole thing.
Can you think of anything
more fun and fearless?
I actually cannot.
You've never done one here.
Until now.
This is so dumb.
Homecoming wasn't a terrible idea.
It might just not be like
an L.A. homecoming.
Maybe let them do it their way
instead of your way.
Miles and I broke up last night.
Wait. what?
The big game is over. our fun...
Oh. my God. Mom.
This isn't footage. This is my life.
I don't need to pretend to be
fun and fearless for a stupid video.
I am fun and fearless.
Hey. hey. have you seen Shannon?
Shannon's mom was in
a car accident last night.
She's dead.
Oh. my God. Shannon's here.
I didn't expect her
to be back at school so soon.
It's probably good for her
to be around friends right now.
I don't know if that includes me.
Kissing Miles feels like
an even bigger betrayal now.
You couldn't have known
this was going to happen.
I just don't know how I'm gonna tell her.
-Oh. honey. you're not.
-Wh...
No. At least not right now.
First kisses are monumental
for the two people involved.
but what Shannon is dealing with.
so much bigger.
She doesn't have any more room
on her plate right now.
You're right. She just needs a friend.
And no one is a better friend
to lean on than Elle Woods.
I have no idea how I'm gonna help her.
You'll find a way.
Now. remember. anything
can happen at any moment.
No one is owed a tomorrow.
Stop using your own mortality
to guilt me into a goodbye hug.
Do you really want that to be
the last thing you say to your mother?
Whatever. I love you.
I am so glad you're here.
I'm here.
I'm so sorry about your mom.
♪ I'm only happy when it rains ♪
♪ I'm only happy when it's complicated ♪
♪ And though I know you can't ♪
♪ appreciate it ♪
♪ I'm only happy when it rains ♪
♪ Pour your ♪
-♪ misery down ♪
-♪ Pour your misery down ♪
-♪ Pour your misery down on me ♪
♪ You can keep me company as long as ♪
♪ you don't care ♪
♪ I'm only happy when it rains ♪
♪ You wanna hear about my new obsession? ♪
♪ I'm riding high upon ♪
♪ a deep depression ♪
♪ I'm only happy when it rains ♪
♪ Pour some misery down on me ♪
Good morning. everyone.
Uh... well. I know this is chemistry.
but since this is our first class back
after the tragic news
about Ms. Walker. I thought.
I don't know. we could put a pin
in science for once
and talk about feelings.
Okay. I'll start.
My first experience with loss
is when my grandma died.
Yeah. I was nine. and I'd collected
all these seashells at Puget Sound
to give her as a Christmas gift.
but she passed before I could.
I still have that box
of shells all wrapped up in my closet.
She was a very cruel woman.
but... still... related. so...
Uh. show of hands. um.
anyone else experienced loss before?
Yes. Alison.
Our family cat.
Mm. Jacob.
Uh. does Jerry Garcia count?
Absolutely. [chuckles] Yes.
Yes. Dustin.
My grandma. She was... very honest.
Best person I ever met.
That's a very admirable quality.
I'm sorry.
Oh. Elle. who have you lost?
Oh.
No one.
May I use the pass. please?
"Cinco de Mayo."
"Smooth jazz."
"Pumpkin patch"?
Robin's funeral will be in Denver
where most of her family lives.
but Shannon felt like
so many people here loved Robin
and would want to say goodbye.
so I panicked
and offered to throw her a memorial.
"Bobblehead Fridays."
And then stupidly asked the student body
for theme suggestions.
-This one just says "water slide."
-Yep.
They're all like that.
Oh. this one's not too bad.
This one says I could help you plan it.
-Okay. it doesn't. but I could.
-Mm.
Why would you help me?
Honestly. it'd be helping me.
Everyone else seems to know what to do.
The only death I've ever experienced
is Hope in Days of Our Lives.
and I petitioned NBC
till they brought her back from the dead.
I just feel like I need to do something.
You met Shannon's mom
for. like. two seconds.
You'll be fine.
Okay. but what about you?
You're Shannon's best friend.
I bet Robin meant a lot to you.
You deserve to be able to go mourn
without having to worry about logistics.
Let me help.
Okay. Um...
If. theoretically.
you were gonna help with this.
what would you be thinking about doing?
First things first. we would need a venue.
Something that says "free spirit."
but with class.
I'm assuming there's no budget.
Twelve hundred dollars.
Leave it to me to hone in
on the perfect setting.
You go be with Shannon and grieve.
Thank you.
Wyatt Woods one.
Lake Washington Loop zero.
Ah.
That's a stormier motif
than you usually go with.
Is it?
Yeah.
Oh. God.
Did you know Robin
was only two months older than me?
Also the middle child.
Also an early bloomer.
-You read the book.
-No.
Oh.
It was way too long.
but I just think it's crazy. like.
someone like that can be gone
in an instant.
Here I am giving Elle life advice.
and her own mother hasn't even lived.
But you've laughed and loved.
And you're breathing.
-so you're living.
-What?
Don't you remember?
She inscribed the-the. um. book. Here.
-"Eva. live. laugh. love. Robin."
-Oh.
Talk about living.
That's a pretty good guidebook.
She hiked Mount Kilimanjaro
when she was 12.
-Mm.
-We have a big. beautiful
mountain in our backyard
just begging to be climbed.
Yeah. but do you remember
I got altitude poisoning in Vail?
I know. but Mount Rainier has been on
my must-do list since we moved here.
I'll tell you what. I'll get the poles.
and you fill up the water bladders.
Oh. God. So. I think maybe
I'll just walk Bruiser
'cause Maple Street is very hilly.
Eva. we are doing this.
We are living. we are laughing.
we are loving life.
God. I'm thirsty just thinking about it.
Will you pack me an extra bladder?
Excuse me. Are you lost?
Hey. I am not the one who's supposed to be
in algebra right now.
Turns out... solving for X
felt wildly insignificant today.
What brings you out here?
Wait for it.
I'm helping Kimberly
plan Robin's memorial.
I'm sorry. I thought you just said
you're helping Kimberly.
She was flailing. I was flailing.
And it's a way to be there for Shannon.
Though I'm not feeling this field
for a paper lantern launch.
so striking that from the maybe list.
How are you holding up?
I knew Robin since I was a kid.
That's a lot of memories.
She was really good to me
for a really long time.
She called me after Shannon and I broke up
to say she was thinking about me.
I never called her back.
I'm so sorry.
It's not that I don't want
to hold your hand.
-I get it.
-I just want to do it right.
I'll talk to Shannon.
face-to-face. girl-to-girl.
and I'll tell her that we kissed.
And then what?
And then...
I'll gauge her reaction
and we'll go from there.
But now is obviously not the time.
So until the appropriate time
presents itself.
we need to put a moratorium
on any more bodily contact.
Sure.
I'll. uh... I'll see you.
Hey. Mom? Do you remember the name
of the florist who did Jackie O's funeral?
Oh. And why do you look like
Laura Dern in Jurassic Park?
Honey. um. I know
you've had a lot going on lately.
but did you forget to tell me
we had a visitor?
-A visitor?
-The rumors are true.
Madison LeDoux is in Seattle. baby. Whoo!
Yeah. You're here.
Of course I'm here.
Because it's fall break.
which is right after
the parties of Halloween
and right before the obligations
of the holidays.
-Yes.
-Which is now.
You're here.
-Oh. I missed you.
-Oh. I missed you. too.
I wasn't sure what November
in Seattle is like.
so I had my stylist pack a wide range.
Well. I think it's supposed to rain today.
Is that why your hair looks like that?
What do you mean?
Oh. no. It's just...
your hair is looking a little more Seattle
than I think your L.A. self would want.
Let me try to fix it.
Oh. okay.
Um...
Seattle is... stubborn.
I missed you.
There's no one here to tell me
when my outer being
no longer aligns with my inner spirit.
Mm.
Okay. So. itinerary-wise.
I've come up with a list of must-sees.
but I'm sure that you found some hidden
gems that you're planning to show me.
For sure. [laughs] The gem-iest.
But I'd love to take
a quick peek at your list.
Always fun to cross-reference.
We need some music.
♪ Close your eyes...
This is what
you're listening to?
It's a song for the memorial
I'm helping plan.
♪ Do you feel my heart beating? ♪
For Shannon's mom.
Shannon's mom died?
♪ Do you understand...
That's so sad.
I know.
The poor woman summited Annapurna
without oxygen.
but then died in a car wreck.
That's so tragic.
I'm really sorry. Elle.
But on the bright side.
the last time we talked.
you were obsessed
with becoming friends with Shannon.
and if you're planning
a memorial for her mom.
then. clearly. you've made it
to friend status.
♪ Do you feel the same? ♪
♪ Am I only dreaming...
You know. there's this
super cool record store
that you don't have on your list.
I mean. if you wanted authentic Seattle.
See? I knew you'd have a hidden gem.
♪ Do you feel my heart...
There's my favorite coffee shop.
Sweetie. that's a Starbucks.
They're literally everywhere.
It's more authentic closer to the source.
What about the big needle
everyone talks about?
Yes. The Space Needle opened in 1962
for the World's Fair.
Dubbed the 400-day wonder
because it was built in 400 days.
We should check it out.
Mm. Seems a little generic for Robin.
Oh. Why would Robin care?
Oh. sorry. I thought you meant
for the memorial.
No. I mean we should check it out.
for ourselves.
Honey. you're gonna find the right venue.
I'm sure Robin had a lot
of really meaningful places in her life.
Robin lived in the Hoh Rain Forest
for six months. She ate bugs.
Don't be revolting.
You and Kimberly are gonna find something.
I'm sorry. your party co-planner is the B
who wrote S on your locker?
-What?
-Nothing.
-Bitch who wrote "slut."
-Some B wrote that word on your I?
-Sweetie. Mm. Mm-mm.
-Well. that was early fall.
We're now in late fall. pre-winter.
And she needed space for her own grief.
Could you take a left up here?
Wow.
This place is so... cute.
Madison. meet Liz. Liz. meet Madison.
From L.A.
Um. Madison was just saying
how cute this place is.
Cute?
Yeah. Like it's from Reality Bites.
I don't think they go to a record store
in Reality Bites.
Never saw it. but I consider Winona Ryder
a friend and a mentor.
Liz. I was wondering if you could maybe
make a mix tape for Robin's memorial?
-Hmm.
-Think "Eternal Flame."
but. like. more songs.
I thought we were here
so you could show me a hidden gem.
We are.
But two birds. one gem.
I figured while we're here. I'd ask.
You came to the right place.
Yo. Liz. Just got a new shipment of. uh...
better music than yours.
Shut up. Todd.
-Who was that?
-Oh. that's my boss.
-So. what's the attire for the memorial?
-Grief chic.
I am even more confused than before.
I've never really been to a memorial.
It doesn't matter what you wear.
It only matters what you wear.
I know that.
You know what we need?
Less Seattle.
-more BFF-143-637.
-Six-three-seven.
Excuse... What?
Oh. you don't know pager code?
Bummer.
Person. place or thing?
Person. But. like. almost a thing.
Hot Josh is trying to grow a mustache.
Oh.
We've been calling him Tepid Josh.
Oh. no. Is it wispy?
Tiffany saw him brushing it.
Gross!
How do you feel about having
your first kiss with a wispy stache?
Well. technically. it would be
my second kiss.
Wait. what? What are you talking about?
What? What?
I kissed Miles.
How was that not the first thing
out of your mouth
the very first moment you saw me?
-It's not a big deal.
-It's the biggest deal.
This is a pivotal life moment.
What else has happened?
I guess...
it just doesn't feel quite as epic
since Robin died.
Okay.
Well. I understand
if you can't exactly be throwing
a "I had my first kiss" party
when your co-kisser's ex-girlfriend
is in mourning. but...
this is me.
We pretended to marry Patrick Swayze
when we were ten.
We practiced kissing Emilio Estevez
on the backs of our hands.
I guess I'm just not
in a celebratory place.
See. this is why I don't get Seattle.
Everything has a rain cloud over it.
Okay.
Glass half-full. when you come back
to L.A. for the internship
that you are so obviously going to win.
you'll have already had your first kiss
under your belt.
Uh. want to watch Sleepless in Seattle?
Yes. Now. that's a version
of Seattle I can get behind.
Tom Hanks could never be tepid.
-No. he can't.
-I don't think it's possible.
I know what you're thinking:
"What's the catch?"
An aquarium would be
a wonderful space for a memorial.
Robin had her spiritual awakening
among the sea turtles in the Gili Islands.
but the only availability was at midnight
in two Sundays.
Most of the fish
would be asleep.
-Yeah.
-I think we can
eliminate this option
due to timing constraints.
So. that leaves us with
a garden gathering at Chez Woods.
or my personal favorite.
we take a literal page from Robin's book
and honor her memory
in the place she called
her "favorite spot on this big.
beautiful. orbiting rock we call Earth."
Presenting...
the rainforest.
So... everyone just stands around outside
all sad. getting rained on?
I knew you'd say that. which is why...
Drum roll.
-Not gonna happen.
-Okay.
Cuing up internal drum roll.
The Rainforest...
Cafe.
There's no way they'll book
for a group event so last minute.
They will if you call 150 times
and make reservations
using different voices.
I did realize pretty quickly
the only way I know how
to throw my voice is to lean into
celebrity impressions.
That was Dick Van Dyke.
From Mary Poppins.
Never mind. I've created
a simple name tag system
we can utilize day of
so no one's the wiser.
Anyway. we're booked.
That is so...
genius.
God. I'm so mad you just gave me
a reason to call you a genius.
Group effort.
Okay.
Happy Space Needle Friday.
Oh. tonight is gonna be
some varsity-level touristing.
-Oh. yeah.
-I mean. after our. as Elle put it.
cameo at the memorial.
-Mm-hmm. Yes.
-First stop. Space Needle.
Then to the Sleepless in Seattle
houseboat.
and then to some place
where they throw fish at us.
Pike Place. Your one-stop shop
for locally sourced artisan fare.
It'll be good to give Elle
the full Seattle experience
before she goes back to L.A.
-She's going back to L.A.?
-For the Cosmo internship.
Oh. no. that's not
happening anymore. No. no.
She was a finalist.
then she threw out her application.
And that was even before
a Space Needle visit.
I'm telling you. Seattle grows on you.
I guess I didn't realize
she wasn't coming home.
What's wrong?
I know you said Robin swore by
the enlightening benefits of meditation.
but I was just alone with my thoughts
for 17 minutes.
It was unbearable.
-Are you making her do it. too?
-Hmm?
♪ Is this burning ♪
♪ an eternal flame? ♪
♪ Say my name ♪
♪ Sun shines through the rain.
a whole life...
So. this is what Burbank
looks like?
Because there's
a Rainforest Cafe in Burbank.
We should go when you're back in L.A.
Totally.
This is bonkers.
Oh. no. Is it?
I love it.
Thank God.
Nancy Kerrigan.
My mom was obsessed with
figure skating. How did you know that?
I caught the Lillehammer reference
in the book's footnotes.
-Oh.
Ashley Olsen?
"You got it. dude."
Everything's perfect. Elle.
I didn't know how much I needed this.
And thank you for being here.
I'm sure this was the last thing
you wanted to do on your fall break.
I'm just happy to see my best friend.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
I appreciate that.
Oh. My mom's publisher is here.
I need to go say hi.
Mm. I see the appeal.
She seems really strong.
Anyway. should we call your dad
to come pick us up?
One sec. I think Kimberly
just went off-book.
♪ Is this burning...
Okay.
I'll just circulate on my own.
♪ Do you feel my heart beating? ♪
♪ Do you understand? ♪
Screech.
I thought for sure
I grabbed Christian Slater.
We're only at a memorial.
but cool if that's the hardest thing
going on in your life right now.
Oh. my God.
Oh. yeah. Consider the rum
my contribution.
Elle did everything else.
and I mean... everything else.
How's Shannon doing?
It seems like she's really
keeping it together.
Have you still not checked in on her?
I've been giving her space.
I don't know if I've been
a good friend to her lately.
Yeah. well. she's putting on a brave face.
Her mom died.
It doesn't matter that she dumped you.
Give her a hug and get over yourself.
I... will do that.
Does that have rum in it?
Um... that depends.
Who's asking? Elle or Sandra Day O'Connor?
That's Justice O'Connor to you.
And please do me a favor
and stop everyone from getting wasted.
I can't stay. and I don't want
Robin's memorial to go off the rails.
I'm all over it. Your Honor.
Thank you.
Are you high?
You know. people are saying
these are baby alligators.
but I'm pretty sure...
that these are baby crocodiles.
Yeah. those are crocodiles.
They look just like a purse I have.
You're Dustin.
-Yeah.
-You're edgy.
You skateboard.
You love causes. et cetera.
I'm Madison.
Hi.
LeDoux.
And I'm Elle's best friend from L.A.
You know. L.A. nine. Seattle 11.
I'm sorry. I really
haven't heard of you before.
So let's just go back to the part
where I'm sexy and edgy?
I didn't say sexy.
Yeah. it was implied.
Huh.
What's up. Lizbian?
Not sure I love that coming from you.
And it's. um. Monica Geller.
Right.
Nice touch. by the way.
It's been. um.
giving everyone an icebreaker
that isn't. like. a total bummer.
It's actually Elle sprinkling
her little fairy dust all over everything.
God. why do I keep giving her
compliments?
Tell no one.
Your secret's safe with me.
Um... I'm sorry about Robin.
I remember how she used to send you those
rad care packages when we were at camp.
How are you holding up?
Um...
Yeah. no one's actually asked me that yet.
I'm terrible.
My mom sucks. and. uh...
I told Robin things
I could never tell my parents.
You know. there are things
that I didn't say that I-I wish I said.
So many things to-to say. you know?
Um. hey. have you had anything to eat?
-Hmm?
-Or drink?
You know. anything age-appropriate?
Oh.
It was so nice to meet you.
Elle.
Excuse me.
I am so sorry for your loss.
Thank you.
-Can we go now?
-Yes.
I just need to make sure there's still ink
in the pen for the condolence journal.
Don't you have a co-planner?
Who cares about ink?
Someone writing a heartfelt message
of sympathy is-is very important.
I mean. I don't care.
Me. Your best friend.
And guest. and person who was excited
about this trip for three months.
I don't care about
the stupid condolence pen.
I've just never known anyone
who's died before.
I guess making sure everything's perfect
is my way of helping.
But you're right. we can go.
Liz and Dustin didn't even know who I was.
I came here on my fall break
to see my best friend
because I really missed you. and...
I feel like I don't even exist.
-Madison.
-Why didn't you tell me
you aren't applying
to the Cosmo internship?
Well. I-I was. I was going
to tell you. but I...
But you didn't. Your dad did.
Did you even remember I was coming?
Of course I remembered you were coming.
-No. you didn't.
-We planned...
I swear. you're the only person that's
ever left L.A. and started lying more.
Okay.
Fine.
I forgot. okay?
And I know I haven't kept you
up to speed as much as you'd like.
but headline. things have been
really. really hard here.
Then why do you want to stay?
Because... somewhere along the way.
I started to like it.
I feel like I don't even know you.
When you're ready to be Elle Woods again.
give me a call.
Madison. hang on.
Check. check.
Oh.
Echo. echo. echo. Echo.
Sorry.
Uh. we have now entered
the urology portion of the evening.
-Urology? Urology?
-Is she wasted?
-Eulogy?
-Ye...
Thank you. Eu-lol...
Whatever. I'm-I'm-a talk for a minute.
Mm. Help her.
Do you remember
the part of Robin's book
where that cactus told her
to be true to herself?
Well. let me cactus a bit
and be honest with myself to all of you...
Hey. hey. are you okay?
I barfed. Did you see?
What? Did you see that?
I don't think anyone noticed.
Why don't we get her some water?
I'm probably not the one
who should be speaking right now.
since Robin wasn't my mom.
Or confidante.
Or colleague.
But... whoever Robin was to you.
thank you for being here today
to pay your respects.
Um...
I just...
recently moved to Seattle. and...
I keep learning new things about it.
Like...
like I just learned that you know
it's a clear day when the mountain's out.
Shannon taught me that.
So...
it's kind of cool to know that
some days are gonna be cloudy
and some days are gonna be beautiful.
but the mountain's always gonna be there.
even if you can't see it.
And that's how I feel about Robin.
Her spirit is always
gonna be there in Shannon.
I'm sorry.
♪ Oh...
They told me the elephants
weren't performing today.
♪ When I dance. they call me Macarena ♪
♪ and the boys. they say que estoy buena ♪
♪ They all want me. they can't have me ♪
♪ so they all come and dance beside me ♪
♪ Move with me. chant with me ♪
♪ And if you're good.
I'll take you home with me ♪
♪ Move with me. chant with me ♪
♪ And if you're good.
I'll take you home with me...
♪ Eh. Macarena...
You know. there's a waterfall
in that bathroom.
Like. the urinal's an actual waterfall.
I may never leave this place.
Gross.
Do you want to make out?
Absolutely.
Wyatt?
Wyatt.
Wyatt!
Whoops. I'm sorry.
I got caught up in my grind riff
to "Light My Fire."
I'm making you a blend.
It's floral meets clove
on a brisk autumn morning.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Trying to get you to like coffee.
Coffee gives me hives. Wyatt.
Just like hiking makes me sweaty.
and meditating makes me nervous.
and my husband trying
to turn me into a Seattlephile
-is making me want to scream.
-I'm sorry.
I thought that Robin's death
was a wake-up call
to tap into your adventurous side.
That was your interpretation.
Robin's death was my wake-up call
to admit I don't actually feel very alive.
Honey.
I'm having a hard time thinking
of a more vivacious person.
You are the center
of every cocktail party.
You are the queen of the tennis club.
You've never met a task you couldn't fix
with your tenacity and Rolodex.
You just described my life in Bel Air.
Ever since we moved here.
my life's just been on pause.
I haven't felt that way at all.
That's because yours has been on play.
-How was it?
-Fine.
That's bad.
She said it was fine.
Yeah. that's code for "catastrophic."
Do you want to tell me why
Madison's in the basement
watching Sleepless in Seattle by herself?
Because it's more fun
than going to a memorial
of someone that you don't know.
-I ruined her trip.
-Oh...
You still have all weekend together.
Why don't we take
a houseboat cruise tomorrow?
You do know that "houseboat cruise"
isn't a euphemism for yacht. right?
No. I did not.
Huh.
How'd the memorial go?
-Shannon loved it.
-Aw.
The name tag icebreaker worked out great.
And who knew that an animatronic elephant
was the unexpected
joyful moment we all needed?
But you still feel sad.
Mm-hmm.
I just don't know if it was enough.
I wanted to fix things by helping. but...
I know it was just a Band-Aid.
By showing up this way for Shannon.
and for Kimberly. for that matter.
you've helped in ways
I don't think you can understand
until you've gone through
something like this yourself.
-You think so?
-Yeah.
I'm really proud of you.
Hey. uh. you need help
taking this to your car?
That'd be great. Thanks.
Kimberly was supposed
to do cleanup. but...
Yeah. I think. uh.
someone's mom took her home.
Tomorrow's gonna be rough for her.
I'm more worried
about the baby alligators.
I think they're crocodiles.
-I kissed Elle.
-What?
After homecoming. I. uh. I kissed Elle.
Why are you telling me this?
Uh...
Because I-I felt like a...
a dick being here.
keeping a secret from you.
Well. here's an idea.
you wouldn't feel like a dick
if you weren't kissing my friends.
Uh... [scoffs] Okay.
To be fair... you broke up with me.
To be fair.
that was. like. five minutes ago.
So. this is why you've been so weird.
You started liking Elle.
A-And she's just. what.
letting you kiss her?
My so-called friend making out
with my ex behind my back?
-Shannon. it just sort of happened.
-Please.
No. no. she-she wanted to be
the one to tell you first. I j...
-I-I felt like it should come from me.
-Stop.
Stop acting like
this is about doing me some favor.
This is about you two feeling like
shitty friends. mostly because you are.
Shannon.
-Shannon. I'm sorry.
-Get out.
-No. just let me take this to your car...
-Get away from me. Miles!
-We didn't mean to hurt you. Shannon.
-I'm at my mom's memorial.
I am broken.
I am devastated.
And you choose now to tell me this?
It felt like lying to you would be worse.
and... y-you seemed good.
You wanted to believe I was good
so I could cleanse you of your sins
and give you my blessing.
Well. guess what.
I don't want to look at you.
I don't want to be around you.
and you can tell Elle thanks
for her help tonight.
but I am done with her. too.
Shannon. please. Shannon.
-Hi.
Is everything all right?
I. um...
I did something.
Okay.
I told Shannon.
-Please don't tell me you mean...
-No. I told her about us.
Okay.
Um. I-I told you to let me talk to her.
I've known her my whole life.
I-I just wanted it to come from me.
You don't spring this on someone
at their mom's memorial.
I know that...
now.
So now. not only did I break girl code
by kissing her ex.
I broke it again by failing
to tell her I kissed her ex.
I don't want to lose Shannon as a friend.
Me. either.
I don't know what to do.
Nothing. okay?
I will fix this. I will...
talk to her on Monday
and I will smooth this out.
Just do me a favor. and please...
please don't open your mouth
for the next 48 hours.
Boys are so dumb.
So dumb.
Come here.
I love you.
I love you. too.
Where's Shannon? Why are you
rummaging through her locker?
I'm not rummaging. I'm cleaning.
And before you ask.
no. I do not need your help.
Why would you need my help?
Sorry. I-I-I don't mean to be. like.
you know. um...
It's just that I'm. like. freaking out.
Um. I guess
you're friends with her.
but I've known her since kindergarten.
I-I didn't just expect her to...
Well. I don't know
what you're talking about.
I'm talking about my best friend
skipping town.
Wait. what?
Shannon went to her dad's in Denver.
That can't be...
I really need to talk to her.
-Join the club.
-No. like. I really need to talk to her.
-When is she coming back?
-You don't understand.
Shannon went to her dad's
in Denver to live.
She moved. Shannon's not coming back.
Hi. Good morning.
Morning.
I'm doing this for you. Elle.
Hey.
I'm doing this for you. too.
We belong in L.A.
♪ I dreamt ♪
♪ you chased down the car ♪
♪ waving a sign that made no sense ♪
♪ I drifted in and out ♪
♪ I read the sign out loud ♪
♪ like a fool ♪
♪ Like a fool ♪